Dr.Web(R) SOFTWARE USAGE LICENSE AGREEMENT

The present License agreement is concluded between you (either a legal
entity or home user) and Doctor Web ("the right holder"), that
possesses intellectual property rights with regard to usage of Dr.Web(R)
software ("software") including usage of technologies and software
from other vendors where corresponding rights are acquired under law of
the Russian Federation and International Law, as follows:

1. All terms and conditions provided herein regulate usage of the
software which is an object of the intellectual property rights of the
right holder. If you do not agree with at least one term or condition
stipulated herein, do not use the software.  Violation of the terms of
the present License agreement is considered an unauthorized use of the
software and entails civil, administrative and criminal responsibility.

2. If you are a legal owner of the Software's copy, you receive the
non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use the software in any part
of the world limited to installing the software , launching and loading it
into the memory of a computer. Your legally obtained sixteen-character
alphanumeric code (serial number) is used to register and acquire a
license key file required to maintain operation of the Software in
the protected system (workstation, server, etc.). A serial number) is
registered on a corresponding web-page of the right holder's web-site (
http://products.drweb.com/register ) or by means of the automatic renewal
and registration utility during installation of the Software (connection
to the Internet is required). By completing the registration of your
serial number of the software copy or installation of the Software you
agree with all terms and conditions of the present License agreement.
A license key file that activates the software and ensures its operation
within the scope of your usage rights is generated automatically upon
completion of registration of your serial number.

3. You can use the software only in full compliance with terms of the
present Agreement.

3.1. The software can only be used within a specified period of time
under a defined operating system and with the number of protected objects
(workstations, servers, etc.) as defined in the license key file.

3.2. You are entitled to create as many copies of the key file as required
to install the software on the number of computers (workstations, servers,
etc.) defined in the key file. In addition you can store no more than
two copies of the license key file. You may not give these copies to a
third party or place them on tangible media accessible to a third party
or make the files accessible to the public over the Internet or by any
other means.  If necessary you can specify your legally acquired Software
serial number on the right holder's web-site http://www.drweb.com)
in order to obtain a license key file. The number of such retrieval
requests is limited by the Right-holder.

3.3. During the Software usage period you may receive virus databases
updates as such updates are made available by the right holder and,
updates of software components. All software updates are its integral part
and are used exclusively with the software under terms of the present
License agreement unless other conditions are set forth by the right
holder at the moment when you make the agreement with the Right-holder
or later.

3.4. During the software use period you are entitled to use the Technical
support service of the right holder or of its reseller that concluded
a corresponding agreement with the Right-holder.  The Right holder
guarantees to reply to messages from users with their registration data
specified, received through the support system accessible on the right
holder's web-site. Hereby you agree that your personal information
acquired by the right holder in the course of registration or with support
requests can be used by the Right holder in its internal procedures.

3.5. You may not distribute the software, in any format and by any means
including selling, renting, leasing and importing the software for any
of such purposes.

3.6. You may not modify, decompile, disassemble, decrypt or perform
any other actions with  the software object code aiming to obtain
information about algorithms implemented in the software unless you
are compelled to perform such actions by the law or have a written
permission from the Right-holder to do so.  You may not modify the
internal protection mechanism of the software.  Copying the software
with removed or non-operational self-protection and unauthorized usage
of such software is illegal.

3.7. The software and related documentation are provided AS IS with no
express or implied warranty.  The right holder is not liable to you
for any problems including but not limited to issues arising during
installation, updating, support and maintenance of your software copy
including any conflicts with other software products or drives, problems
due to your misinterpretation of guidance provided in documentation,
failure of the software to meet your expectations.

3.8. In no event shall the right holder be responsible for any direct
or consequential damage caused by compatibility issues or conflicts of
the software with other software products installed in the same computer
(workstation, server, etc.). A software copy is not meant and may not
be used in information systems operating in hazardous environment or in
life support systems where software failure can endanger health or life
of a human being or cause losses.
